        MAIN GUI HELP:
        Left Widget is the absorber manager. Here you can add known absorbers, guess absorbers
        and plot or hide the transition lines. If an absorber is determined to be incorrect, removing 
        the abosrber will delete it from the manager and it will not exist in the output csv file once saving
        
        The main canvas is where all following keyboard events are tied to. If interacting with another 
        widget outside of the canvas, must reclick within the canvas to enable the keyboard events
        
        The active zabs manager (below canvas) will display what redshift is currently being used
        for identifying matching transitions. The Catalog button will automatically add this transition 
        to the absorber manager
        
        --------------Keyboard Events----------
        
        'r':   resets/clears the axes and replots the spectra
        'R':   Keeps the spectra active and will remove all lines/text from the canvas
        't':   Will restrict the ymax of the canvas to the users current mouse height
        'b':   Restricts ymin of the canvas to current mouse height
        'S':   Smoothes the spectra
        'U':   Unsmooth spectra
        'x':   Sets left x limit (xmin)
        'X':   Sets right x limit (xmax)
        ']':   Shifts canvas to the right
        '[':   Shifts canvas to the left
        'Y':   User can input their own y limits
        'E':   Two E keystrokes will compute rest frame equivalent width at a defined region
        'G':   Three keystrokes to fit a Gaussian profile. [Currently not drawing on the spectrum]

        'H':   Help Window
        'v':   Opens Separate Vstack GUI for the user to identify detected transitions
               Vstack commands will be discussed below
        
        'j':   Designed to be used by zooming into a small region of the spectra,
               finding an absortion region, put mouse in the middle of that region.
               'j' then opens a transition list window for the user to select which
               ion they believe the abosrber is located. Once a transition is clicked,
               the active zabs will display what the redshift should be based on the 
               mouse x location
               
       
        
        --------Vstack GUI Keyboard Events--------
        Upon pressing 'v' in main canvas, a separate window will pop up
        
        '>':   Shifts page right (if more than one page)
        '<':   Shifts page left 
        'w':   Will change the transition flag between detection and Non-detection
        
        
        ------Notes-------
        Upon hitting 'v', the transition list will be saved. If redoing an analysis to correct
        or check transitions, it will identify user that the transition list has already been
        analyzed for the absorber. If continuing it will overwrite the previous results
        PLEASE NOTE, it will overwrite, not update the previous results.
        
        Save: Saving will generate its own file tree for files. Can rename a folder, but
            do not rename the files otherwise they will not load. Saving can be done without 
            evaluate linelists for each absorber or with partially evaluated line lists.
            Saving will access the current working directory, but can change the filepath to any 
            desired folder.
            
            The absorber manager will be saved as a .csv and the linelists saved as a .txt
            
        Load: To load, only give the parent folder, which has contents of the .csv and .txt files
              Loading will repopulate the previously confirmed absorber redshifts, colors, and linelist 
              used and will plot the detected absorbers as identified during the VStack GUI.